implemented pad with new-indexes (#4974)
pydata/xarray: doc/whats-new.rst

New Features
~~~~~~~~~~~~
- Now :py:meth:`DataArray.pad` and :py:meth:`Dataset.pad` accept a tuple of indexes

>   as its arguments. In this case, these values will be used as the newly extended parts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  as its arguments. In this case, these values will be used as the newly extended coordinate variables
```
